Retain the filtered state for `add` and `edit` commands (#487)
AY2425S1-CS2103-F13-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search).
  e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:** 
> `find` command will overwrite an existing person filter state.
> </div>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  * To indicate filtering for transactions with amount that are positive or negative respectively.
* The `CATEGORY` accepts non-empty strings that are alphanumeric with spaces. Category will be capitalised automatically.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:** 

> `filterTxn` command will overwrite an existing transaction filter state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filtered condition remains active until another `filterTxn` command is issued or the transaction list is explicitly reset using `listTxn`.
```

6. **Lack of Support for Multiple Phone Numbers per Contact**: Currently, each contact can only store a single phone number. This limitation may be inconvenient for users who need to save multiple numbers for a single person, such as a mobile and home number or alternative international contact numbers. Future enhancements may include support for storing multiple phone numbers for each contact. Until then, users who need to save additional phone numbers for a contact may consider creating a separate entry with a label in the contact’s name (e.g., "Alex Yeoh - Home" and "Alex Yeoh - Mobile")

> 7. **Find Command Does Not Persist Filtered State for Persons**: Currently, executing commands such as `add` or `edit` resets the person filter, causing the UI to refresh. This can be inconvenient for users wishing to add new entries to an already filtered list of persons. Future enhancements aim to retain the person filter state for such commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **Find Command Does Not Persist Filtered State for Persons**: Currently, executing commands such as `add` or `edit` resets the person filter, causing the UI to refresh. This can be inconvenient for users wishing to execute commands to the existing filtered list of persons. Future enhancements aim to retain the person filter state for such commands.
```

6. **Lack of Support for Multiple Phone Numbers per Contact**: Currently, each contact can only store a single phone number. This limitation may be inconvenient for users who need to save multiple numbers for a single person, such as a mobile and home number or alternative international contact numbers. Future enhancements may include support for storing multiple phone numbers for each contact. Until then, users who need to save additional phone numbers for a contact may consider creating a separate entry with a label in the contact’s name (e.g., "Alex Yeoh - Home" and "Alex Yeoh - Mobile")

> 7. **Find command does not Retain Filtered State for Persons**: Currently, only `delete` command or any other non-person related commands retains filtered state for person, whereas `add` or `edit` commands reset the person filter. This may be inconvenient for users who need to add new user to a filtered person list. Further enhancement aims to retain person filtered state for `add` or `edit` commands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **Find Command Does Not Persist Filtered State for Persons**: Currently, executing commands such as `add` or `edit` resets the person filter, causing the UI to refresh. This can be inconvenient for users wishing to add new entries to an already filtered list of persons. Future enhancements aim to retain the person filter state for such commands.
```
